add multiline input section, remove autplay from accessibility videos (#2263)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/actions-and-automations/create-self-service-experiences/setup-ui-for-action/user-inputs/text.md

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Multi-line text

> In some cases, you might want to allow users to input long text.  
> You can do so by toggling on the `multi-line input` option when creating the input.

Author: ```suggestion
In some cases, you might want to allow users to input long text.  
You can do so by toggling the `multi-line input` option when creating the input.  
This is beneficial for use-cases such as surveys, where the person executing the action might want to provide a relatively long answer to a question. 
```
